[docs] Link UXPin integration (#29422)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/getting-started/installation/installation.md

- [Figma](https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=installation-figma): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted MUI components.
- [Adobe XD](https://material-ui.com/store/items/adobe-xd-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=installation-adobe-xd): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted MUI components.
- [Sketch](https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=installation-sketch): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted MUI symbols.

> - [UXPin](https://github.com/uxpin-merge/material-ui-5-merge): UXPin lets you import (and keep in sync) coded React.js components (MUI) to a design editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UXPin Merge](https://www.uxpin.com/merge): Design with (and keep in sync) coded React.js components. There's a [MUI
boilerplate](https://github.com/uxpin-merge/material-ui-5-merge) to get
started with.
```
